Sister-in-law, come out after you get dressed
I need to talk to you.
What's the matter xiaoxian
Sister-in-law, I have a project under my control
I want to take our village
Creating a network clock in place
Make a fortune together with the villagers
What's your impression?
Okay
What do you want?
I will listen to you
Wait until I develop
800 combined sales total jerk
It's a promise.
The young master may come for an interview
The villagers he used Summit Media to compile
Let them send a video to deliver the goods.
Want to make three size Internet celebrities gather in the village hum
It's buying Summit Media and engaging in exclusive villages
I don't think he has any money in his hands.
As long as his resort plans cost
I just pinched him and told all the other brands
As long as you dare to use Summit Media
Just do it right with me and Mr. Xiao